And what about you, Kugisaki?
There's still time left.
I'll probably go shopping.
You two are so energetic.
Well, I'm going back.
Thanks a lot.
Finally it's over.
I will watch a movie. Are you coming?
What movie?
Earthworm Man 4.
Who wants to watch that?
Especially since I haven't
even watched Earthworm Man 1, 2, or 3.
I think it's fine
to start from Earthworm Man 4.
The insane scientist in the first movie,
Dr. Richter is making
a strong comeback in Earthworm Man 4.
And in the doctor's experiment,
a fusion of earthworm and human,
the enhanced Earthworm Man is born.
What? It sounds so disgusting.
After escaping from Dr. Richter,
the poor Earthworm Man wanders
aimlessly and ends up at a campsite.
A group of college students go there,
and the plot seems to
become more interesting.
Among them, there is a girl who
participates in animal rights activities.
She and Earthworm Man fall in love.
Because I'm no longer human...
You're more humane than anyone else.
He is a monster. Kill him!
Kevin, stop!
If we kill him, we'll become monsters!
Dad.
-Dad.
-Are you okay?
EARTHWORM MAN 4
So, the theme is...
Love!
Regardless of the theme,
I don't want to watch Earthworm Guy.
It's Earthworm Man.
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to go shopping.
Do you want to come?
No, I told you
I'm going to watch the movie.
Really? Bye then.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Among the ranks of Jujutsu sorcerers,
Special Grade holds a unique position.
I believe that
Grade 1 sorcerers are the ones,
leading other sorcerers,
and thus the realm of sorcery.
Danger, secrecy, salary.
None of these can be compared
with that of ones below Semi-Grade 1.
Given this premise, what did you say?
Maki Zenin, Panda.
Megumi Fushiguro, Nobara Kugisaki,
and my brother, Yuji Itadori.
In the name of Aoi Todo
and Mei Mei,
we recommend the five of them
for promotion to Grade 1 sorcerers.
Those recommended by
two or more Grade 1 sorcerers
must complete several missions
with current Grade 1 sorcerers
or sorcerers equivalent to Grade 1.
If the recommended ones meet the criteria,
they will be promoted to Semi-Grade 1.
They'll then be assigned to
perform Grade 1 missions alone.
Based on the results of the mission,
it'll be decided whether they
can officially become Grade 1 sorcerers.
My brother will definitely
get the recommendation.
Because as long as Sukuna
refuses to cooperate,
to increase the chance
of encountering its fingers,
the management will have to increase
the danger level of the mission.
Do you know what this means,
Ms. Mei?
Nothing special,
just what it means literally,
Mr. Todo.
The azure future.
It implies that
the azure future of Aoi Todo and
Yuji Itadori working together does exist.
This is what it means.
No.
Spare your words.
The Grade 1 sorcerer who
accompanies him may not be me.
You wanted to say this, right?
But this is beyond doubt.
Just like an apple falling from a tree,
we are attracting each other.
Right,
this is
destiny.
No, what I wanted to say is
the one who accompanies him will not be
the sorcerer making a recommendation.
Because we have recommended Itadori,
neither of us will accompany him.
Thank you, goodbye,
Mr. Todo.
Um... excuse me.
Were you just with Itadori?
Welcome.
This is me at the junior high
graduation ceremony.
Really? This is just half a year ago.
How did you become like this?
Well,
I grew 15 cm taller after graduation.
And after coming to Tokyo,
the change in environment
brought me a lot of pressure, so...
Sounds like Kuroko Sato.
Isn't this Itadori?
On that day, I gathered the courage
to ask him to take a picture with me.
Actually, I wanted to
ask him for his phone number.
But it was certain then
that I would move to Tokyo...
But I saw Itadori just now,
so I thought maybe I have a chance now.
Yuko, you mean...
You mean that, don't you?
Yes, I mean that.
Mr. Ijichi, is Fushiguro still in the car?
I'll send you the restaurant's address,
can you turn around and come back here?
Thanks a lot.
The guy who knows Itadori
better than me is on his way.
Well...
You should listen to
what he has to say first.
Well...
Ms. Kugisaki, if you happen to
be interested in Itadori...
No.
Even if the world dances lambada,
it is impossible.
Why do I feel a little tight
in my chest just now?
Is it arrhythmia?
ARRHYTHMIA
What on earth do you want?
Fushiguro,
does Itadori have a girlfriend?
This girl is Yuko Ozawa.
Actually, she just blah blah blah...
You mean that?
Yes, it's like that.
I don't think he has a girlfriend.
Why did you say so?
When we asked him to come to Tokyo,
he didn't seem too troubled.
And he even has a poster
of a pinup model in his room.
A guy with a girlfriend
probably wouldn't do that, right?
After all, it might upset her.
You're the kind of guy who plays cool in
front of girls by drinking black coffee?
Please don't.
You called me over
because you needed my advice, didn't you?
I always drink black coffee.
And I want to ask about his type.
I think he once said
that he likes tall girls.
You have a chance!
I'm going to text Itadori.
Is that okay, Yuko?
Yes.
COME
WHY?
OKAY
You're so straightforward.
Am I?
Oh, Fushiguro is here too.
That was quick.
Oh no.
What is that?
-I haven't told Itadori about Yuko yet.
-...too lazy to exchange, so I took prizes.
With such a dramatic change,
he definitely won't recognize her.
Who are you?
That's the last thing you want to hear
when you meet your crush after a while.
-Itadori, she is...
-Eh?
It's Ozawa.
What are you doing here?
What a coincidence.
Which girl in our class
do you like, Itadori?
No one particularly.
You have to pick one.
If I have to pick one, Ozawa, I guess?
Wait a minute.
She's pretty fat.
Is that so?
But her eating manners
and handwriting are all great.
Don't you find it hard to eat fish
without leaving any bits?
You once said
you like tall girls with big butts.
That's a different story.
Girls
tend to gain weight easily,
although I was born fat.
Why?
Just come with us.
Let's go.
But I won't choose
those who don't choose me.
Itadori saw one side of me
that even I didn't know about.
I hate all the boys except Itadori.
But...
"Maybe I have a chance now."
Such a thought...
In the end, I live by the same standards
as those I hate.
Bye.
-See you tomorrow.
-Bye.
See you later.
Is this really okay? They should
at least exchange phone numbers.
She did exchange phone numbers with me.
It should be fine.
Besides, Fushiguro,
I finally noticed my feelings.
If Itadori gets a girlfriend before
I get a boyfriend, I'll be super upset.
Really?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Stay behind.
What are you guys talking about?
Take it.
Thank you.
-What are these?
-And help me carry these.
What...
You'd feel bad
to let a lady carry heavy things, right?
Alright.
Oh no, the movie is
about to start, hurry up.
-Let's go. Hurry up.
-Wait!
Don't run off with my things.
I will never watch the Earthworm Guy.
Fushiguro, you want some popcorn?
Is caramel flavor okay?
Don't assume I'm going
to watch Earthworm Guy.
I said...
It's Earthworm Man 4.
Impossible!
I can understand curse users,
but cursed spirits?
Recently, cursed spirits
of that level keep emerging.
That person may think they are just
colluding with curse users.
So, I want you to help me
investigate Kyoto school.
Over here.
Gojo told you about the traitor, right?
-Yes.
Over two people might be
colluding with curse users.
One is a high-level official,
higher up than the principal.
I can't do anything about that.
And the other person,
who's responsible for giving
information to that high-level official,
is our target this time.
It's not confirmed yet, so we will
catch the person for interrogation first.
So, who is the suspect from Kyoto school?
She asked us, Tokyo school students,
that's the only explanation.
Kugisaki, you're so smart.
The traitor is...
Mechamaru.
Found you.
The deadline for
report submission is today.
Mechamaru?
Sorry, Miwa, I need to sleep.
The report is on the desk,
you can take it.
Sleep? It's just dusk now.
Geez.
He actually fell asleep.
Where is Mechamaru's real body actually?
Mechamaru's real body
Kokichi Muta is in this basement.
It's not that he is suspicious,
it's because no one else is.
We set our eyes on Mechamaru
using the elimination method.
Mechamaru's cursed technique
is Puppet Manipulation.
Due to Heavenly Restriction, his puppet
control range can cover all of Japan.
As long as there are unregistered puppets,
he can move freely
and perform the work of a traitor.
Really? But I think he is
quite conspicuous.
What if the puppet is
as small as a fly or mosquito?
I see, there are those too.
Here we are.
Are they here?
Well...
We've been had.
But on the other hand...
We are now certain
that it's Mechamaru, right?
You're late.
I thought I had been forgotten by you.
We wouldn't make such a mistake.
You must have experienced firsthand
how terrifying the restriction is.
This place still smells musty. I hate it.
He is already an enemy after all.
We should kill him quickly.
Not yet, Mahito.
For providing us with information
and assisting us,
we have to use your
Idle Transfiguration to cure his body.
We have this Binding Vow with him.
So we have to heal him
before we can kill him.
Although I hoped he could
be useful in Shibuya,
there's no other way.
You were not supposed to attack
the people of Kyoto school.
You are the ones
who broke the Binding Vow first.
It was Hanami who did it.
Don't blame it on us.
I don't plan to argue
with a cursed spirit,
just heal me quickly, you lowlife.
I might accidentally go overboard
and turn him into a caterpillar.
Mahito,
the Binding Vow with others is different
from what one imposes on oneself.
One difference
lies in the uncertainty of punishment.
If you break your own Binding Vow,
you will only lose what you got
and the ability to become stronger.
But not this time.
I don't know
what kind of disaster will fall upon us
when we break the Binding Vow.
Fine.
Be thankful.
You're even worse than a lowlife.
Idle Transfiguration.
That's not cute.
Can't you just look happier?
I will do that after everything ends.
That's true.
So let's get started.
Do you need help?
No, it's my toy.
Did he run away?
Right, after all,
he doesn't need to kill us.
So boring, I don't want to hunt now,
I just want to fight.
Not bad!
ULTIMATE MECHAMARU
MODE: ABSOLUTE ARMORED PUPPET
I didn't expect you to
secretly make such a thing.
It seems that your time
as a cocoon wasn't wasted.
He himself should be inside.
After all, he doesn't want
to be touched by me.
The control seat...
The soul's location is in...
the head.
Expansion ratio is normal.
Isolating sensory feedback.
Curtain has been pulled down.
It must be Geto.
Not only did he lock me up,
but he also blocked the radio waves.
It seems I can't do it like Satoru Gojo.
My key to win is Satoru Gojo.
No matter how,
I have to contact Satoru Gojo,
tell him about the Shibuya plan,
then ask him to protect me.
But when I focus on the curtain
and Geto who pulled it down,
Mahito will be a big threat.
I need to exorcise him first.
Do as you please. Don't mind me.
I'm still at a disadvantage,
but I have a chance.
I've seen all of this.
The years that bound me
gave me cursed energy.
I'll spare no effort.
Charge for a year.
Burn it all, Mechamaru!
Ultra Cannon!
No one must know
what I really don't want others to know.
I decided so when I wrote about my type
in the elementary school memorial book
and it was spread.
Next episode, Evening Festival.
What did you write?
Mittermeier.
Well, he seems to run very fast.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm